capitalize()	Converts the first letter of a string to uppercase.

casefold()	Converts a string to lowercase, ignoring case.

center()	Returns a centered string, with a specified number of characters on each side.

count()	Returns the number of times a specified substring occurs in a string.

encode()	Returns an encoded version of the string. The encoding can be specified as an argument.

endswith()	Returns True if the string ends with the specified substring.

expandtabs()	Replaces all tab characters in a string with the specified number of spaces.

find()	Returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified substring in a string. If the substring is not found, -1 is returned.

format()	Returns a formatted version of the string. The format string can contain variables, which will be replaced with their corresponding values.

format_map()	Similar to the `format()` method, but uses a dictionary to map variables to their corresponding values.

index()	Similar to the `find()` method, but raises an exception if the substring is not found.

isalnum()	Returns True if all characters in a string are alphanumeric.

isalpha()	Returns True if all characters in a string are alphabetic.

isdecimal()	Returns True if all characters in a string are decimal digits.

isdigit()	Returns True if all characters in a string are digits.

isidentifier()	Returns True if a string is a valid Python identifier.

islower()	Returns True if all characters in a string are lowercase.

isnumeric()	Returns True if all characters in a string are numeric.

isprintable()	Returns True if all characters in a string are printable.

join()	Joins a sequence of strings together with a specified separator.

ljust()	Returns a left-justified string, with a specified number of characters on the right side.

lower()	Converts a string to lowercase.

lstrip()	Removes all leading whitespace characters from a string.

replace()	Replaces all occurrences of a specified substring with another substring.

rfind()	Returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified substring in a string.

rindex()	Similar to the `rfind()` method, but raises an exception if the substring is not found.

rjust()	Returns a right-justified string, with a specified number of characters on the left side.

rstrip()	Removes all trailing whitespace characters from a string.

split()	Splits a string into a list of substrings, based on a specified delimiter.

splitlines()	Splits a string into a list of lines, breaking at newline characters.

startswith()	Returns True if the string starts with the specified substring.

strip()	Removes all leading and trailing whitespace characters from a string.

swapcase()	Swaps the case of all characters in a string.

title()	Converts the first letter of each word in a string to uppercase.

upper()	Converts a string to uppercase.